Are you ready to add another option within our Ajax tester.
So this time we're going to be adding an actual library promised based HTP client for browsers and for
Noad works great works wonderfully.
And this is a really lightweight one focused on just making AJAX calls they've got some examples here
within their get hub page and there's even more customization.
So I ought to grab the Cdn.
There's a number of ways to get CDN and I'm just going to Cdn G-S dot com and they've got a number of
the most recent CDN listed.
So let's grab our script tag go down here and let's just put it right underneath our g Querrey.
So there we are.
So we've got X-ers library.
So next we need to set that up within our coding so we know we've already got that selection in the
dropdown.
So it's as easy as copying out exactly what we did over here for a query and now we've got a new case.
So this time this time we're going to be looking for a value value of CEOs and let's add that one in
there.
We're just going to give this one a X. How about a function go down to where we've got our functions.
And this is a promise based one so this is going to be another really short one copy of the query and
I'll just put put it here at the top.
So we're going to passen that you are ill as well.
I can get rid of these Konsole lugs worked because we know that they're all working.
So it's just taking up excess space right now.
And this is going to be a little bit different.
So let's set that up.
So we're using that X-ers object and we're going to wrap all of that information in there.
So we've got a few parameters here so method so we can specify method just like we did with Jay Querrey.
You r l we need to specify it within this object.
So there's a bunch of parameters that we can have here.
And that's it for now and of course if we are posting we could have another parameter there for data.
So promise based.
So we're using then and then once we retrieve that response then we take some type of action.
So that's that response information and that's this part over here.
So let's get rid of Ajax is confusing us and we're outputting that response information and the responses
coming in.
So there's a huge response object.
So we'll just start with the console log in it for now so you can take a closer look at that object
and then we can get rid of that afterwards.
So within the response we also have a status.
So make use of that and we'll also specify that this is accedes response.
So I think we are ready to try that it's hooked up pretty quickly.
Open up our browser back to our testing application and this time let's see what happens.
So.
So we got the data.
Same thing as we got with javascript.
Same thing as we got with the query.
We've got a status value there and we've got our response message.
So this is what I meant by the response.
So it's got a lot of information that's got headers.
It's got the request object there so same because it is at the core of it it still uses the SML HGP
request.
Same thing as javascript so where we're getting all of that same stuff here.
We've got the response text so everything that we see within the HTP request is sitting in here.
And then it breaks it down so it breaks down the data.
So if it's Giese on formatted it formats it within a chase on object.
So it's really nice to have.
And then there's also the status.
So this is the same status that we've got in the request.
So we could have gotten requests status but it keeps the status on the outside.
So for cases like what we're using right now that we've got our status right there within that response
object.
So that's it.
So that was all we had to do to hook that went up really nice easy to use library.
And now it's up to you.
So go ahead and bring the Cdn.
Or download the axioms G-S file to your local machine and hook up ASIO's to send an Ajax request to
the server or to the Eurail that we've specified within the input and next but not least we're going
to fetch.
So we've got one more to hook in and then we can look at posting and we can look at how we can customize
this mini application testing application even further.
So all of that is still yet to come.